modules/ROOT/pages/ci-cd.adoc, before:

= CI/CD pipeline

Cerbos Hub serves as a managed CI/CD pipeline specifically designed for validating, testing, and distributing policies in a more efficient manner compared to the open-source version. With Cerbos Hub, you can effortlessly automate and streamline the entire policy management process in a few minutes.


Whenever Cerbos Hub detects a change in the policy repository, it starts the compilation and testing process for the policies. Builds in progress are shown on the Cerbos Hub UI with the build status of `In progress`.

image:builds_in_progress.png[alt="Build in progress",role="center-img"]

If there are any compilation failures, the builds page will display them next to the commit hash.

image:compilation_failed.png[alt="Failed compilation",role="center-img"]

After the compilation stage is successful, Cerbos Hub runs any policy tests found in the repository. If any of the tests fail, the build page will display the failures along with any information that might be useful for debugging the failures.

image:failed_tests.png[alt="Tests failed",role="center-img"]

If compilation and testing succeeds, the bundle status changes to `Generated` and the status of relevant xref:deployment-labels.adoc[deployment labels] is updated to point to the new bundle. All xref:decision-points-service.adoc[PDPs] that are currently connected to Cerbos Hub are notified about the new bundle and instructed to update themselves.

image:deployments.png[alt="Distribution Labels",role="center-img"]

You can see the status of xref:decision-points-embedded.adoc[bundles for embedded PDPs] in the `Embedded builds` tab of the same screen.

Commit message:

Updated fail status images and messages
Signed-off-by: emreb <emre@cerbos.dev>

modules/ROOT/pages/ci-cd.adoc, after:

= CI/CD pipeline

Cerbos Hub serves as a managed CI/CD pipeline specifically designed for validating, testing, and distributing policies in a more efficient manner compared to the open-source version. With Cerbos Hub, you can effortlessly automate and streamline the entire policy management process in a few minutes.


Whenever Cerbos Hub detects a change in the policy repository, it starts the compilation and testing process for the policies. Builds in progress are shown on the Cerbos Hub UI with the build status of `In progress`.

image:builds_in_progress.png[alt="Build in progress",role="center-img"]

If there are any compilation failures, the builds page will display the fail status next to the commit hash.

image:compilation_failed.png[alt="Failed compilation",role="center-img"]

If you click on any record in the builds page, you can see the details of the build. The details page shows the commit hash, the policies that were changed, and the status of the build. In case of the compilation failure it will show the reason why the compilation failed.

image:compile_fail_detail.png[alt="Failed compilation details",role="center-img"]

After the compilation stage is successful, Cerbos Hub runs any policy tests found in the repository. If any of the tests fail, the build page will display the failures along with any information that might be useful for debugging the failures.

image:failed_tests.png[alt="Tests failed",role="center-img"]

Clicking on the row will show the details of the test failure.

image:fail_test_detail.png[alt="Failed test details",role="center-img"]

If compilation and testing succeeds, the bundle status changes to `Generated` and the status of relevant xref:deployment-labels.adoc[deployment labels] is updated to point to the new bundle. All xref:decision-points-service.adoc[PDPs] that are currently connected to Cerbos Hub are notified about the new bundle and instructed to update themselves.

image:deployments.png[alt="Distribution Labels",role="center-img"]

You can see the status of xref:decision-points-embedded.adoc[bundles for embedded PDPs] in the `Embedded builds` tab of the same screen.
